== v0.12.2 [2012-01-03] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Fix for the 1.8.7 breakage introduced by the st.h fix for alternative Ruby
  implementations (#97 and #98). Thanks to Lars Kanis for the patch.
- Encode error messages with the connection's encoding under 1.9 (#96)


== v0.12.1 [2011-12-14] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- Made rake-compiler a dev dependency, as Rubygems doesn't use the Rakefile
  for compiling the extension. Thanks to eolamey@bitbucket and Jeremy Evans
  for pointing this out.
- Added an explicit include for ruby/st.h for implementations that need it
  (fixes #95).


== v0.12.0 [2011-12-07] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

- PGconn#wait_for_notify
  * send nil as the payload argument if the NOTIFY didn't have one.
  * accept a nil argument for no timeout (Sequel support)
  * Fixed API docs
  * Taint and encode event name and payload
- Handle errors while rb_thread_select()ing in PGconn#block. 
  (Brian Weaver).
- Fixes for Win32 async queries (Rafał Bigaj)
- Memory leak fixed: Closing opened WSA event. (rafal)
- Fixes for #66 Win32 asynchronous queries hang on connection 
  error. (rafal)
- Fixed a typo in PGconn#error_message's documentation
- fixing unused variable warnings for ruby 1.9.3 (Aaron Patterson)
- Build system bugfixes
- Converted to Hoe
- Updates for the Win32 binary gem builds (Lars Kanis)


== v0.11.0 [2011-02-09] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Enhancements:

* Added a PGresult#values method to fetch all result rows as an Array of 
  Arrays. Thanks to Jason Yanowitz (JYanowitz at enovafinancial dot com) for
  the patch.


== v0.10.1 [2011-01-19] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Bugfixes:

* Add an include guard for pg.h
* Simplify the common case require of the ext
* Include the extconf header
* Fix compatibility with versions of PostgreSQL without PQgetCancel. (fixes #36)
* Fix require for natively-compiled extension under Windows. (fixes #55)
* Change rb_yield_splat() to rb_yield_values() for compatibility with Rubinius. (fixes #54)


== v0.10.0 [2010-12-01] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Enhancements:

* Added support for the payload of NOTIFY events (w/Mahlon E. Smith)
* Updated the build system with Rubygems suggestions from RubyConf 2010

Bugfixes:

* Fixed issue with PGconn#wait_for_notify that caused it to miss notifications that happened after
  the LISTEN but before the wait_for_notify.

== v0.9.0 [2010-02-28] Michael Granger <ged@FaerieMUD.org>

Bugfixes.

== v0.8.0 [2009-03-28] Jeff Davis <davis.jeffrey@gmail.com>

Bugfixes, better Windows support.

